So we're fetching products here on our shop page.
And what about managed products?
Now, the good thing is in this app, we technically can't really get to manage products without having
been to the shop page first since we fetch our products here and we then store them in items in our
products class here.
When we reach Manege products, which uses the same items, we are guaranteed to have products.
So we don't really need to fetch products.
When we reach this page, though, of course, theoretically you could do that here on the user product
page.
You could turn this into a stateful widget as well.
And then also use did change dependencies here word and its status to load products here as well.
But as I said, I don't need it here.
But there is one other thing which we could add here.
It would be nice to have a pull to refresh logic here where we can pull the screen down to fetch the
latest set of products or the latest values from the Web.
And such a pull to refresh pattern is relatively easy to implement in Slotter.
All you have to do is you have to go to the woodshed where you want to have that pattern, then to your
body there in the scaffold, and then here in this case around the padding, you wrap this with a new
widget and that new widget here is a refresh indicator and Nover widget that's built into flutter.
The refresh indicator takes a child around which you wrap it and then you need to define on refresh
function.
So this takes a function, a function which gets no arguments, but which has to return a future.
And that's important.
And this function has to return a future so that the refresh indicator, which it knows when you're
done fetching data because it will show a spinner automatically in the meantime and it needs to know
when to dismiss this.
So here you can even use a named function and point at that.
And actually I'll do that or use an anonymous function.
But here all use a named function which has to return a future which yields nothing in the end.
That's important.
And I'll turn this into a private function which is only available inside of this class and all named
is refresh products to name is totally up to you, of course.
And in there you now have to return a future.
Now, that can be done by turning it into async function, then you learn this will always return a
future.
But of course I want to return a meaningful future that really does something.
And for dad, we can use provider.
For which you need to have to provide or package import it off and then connect it to products of context
and then also call fetch and set products.
Of course.
Now, to have the context here, since I'm not in a state class here, I don't have it available everywhere.
So here I need to now get this as an input, as an argument here and refresh products.
So now here I can call, fetch and set products and then we simply wait for this to finish.
Therefore, this overall method will only be done once this is done and only then this future which
is automatically returned, will yield, will result.
And with that, we're fetching our new products here.
So now down there, we could now point at refresh products, what's the name?
But actually, since I need my contacts there, I need to pass that in and therefore, I will wrap this
in an honor in an anonymous function which referents is now stored in on refresh.
And inside of that anonymous function, I return a call to refresh products where I can now forward
the context, the context I'm getting here in the built method automatically.
Now, one additional note about the way we're fetching our products here, we should actually add listen
falls here in the refresh products method to ensure that this method, which we're calling on, our
provider is being called.
But we're not setting up a listener here because we don't really want to listen to updates and products
here in this method.
We just want to trigger the fetch and set products method.
Therefore, I'm calling it here and I'm adding, listen, falls here to avoid any problems with debt.
This is something we didn't add thus far, but something you should add in your code in this refresh
products method to avoid unnecessary widget rebuilds Detriot already be everything.
If I save this here, our products are lost because due to this hot reload, our state gets cleared.
But that's good actually, because that allows me to demonstrate that fetching here.
I can now pull down and you see that indicator up here, here.
And if you pull down long enough or far enough, you'll see that starts loading.
And as soon as the data is there, that spinner disappears.
So that's the refresh indicator.
And that Paultre refresh pattern, which, as you see, is pretty easy to implement.